Why is it that some people use the same credit card
well while
others end up with huge debts?
But don’t you feel bad if you really paid more money for nothing
?
Normal people would think, "
I paid more for this purchase." Right,
then I won't do that.
But you didn't get nothing.
You gained time.
Wow,
it's amazing.
Your idea is really interesting. I've
never seen anything like this.
No matter how you use it, the
birth of credit cards can be said to be a conspiracy. In
our daily lives, we
have actually fallen into the trap when we use
credit cards to make purchases. But even when faced with the traps set by credit card companies,
we have ways
to crack the merchants' tricks.
I believe everyone has a card in hand.
No matter how good your investment is, the
wrong use of credit cards
can destroy the wealth you have worked hard to
build. In
this episode, let's talk about the price
behind the convenience of credit cards.
How do credit card companies with endless discounts make money from us?